Add documentation about new artifacts parent/child relationship (#606)
Enalean/tuleap-documentation-en: languages/en/user-guide/trackers/usage/artifact-update.rst

- Old links using this type still exist

- The type of these links will be cleared after the next artifact update (the link will continue to exist without any type)

Parent/Child relationship
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Before Tuleap 12.5, parent/child relationship was driven by the hierarchy. 
It meant that the artifact link type ``_is_child`` was automatically set between two artifacts if a hierarchy was defined between the two trackers.

Since Tuleap 12.5, parent/child relationship is only defined by the artifact link type ``_is_child``
that must be added manually by the user while linking an artifact to another.

> With this feature, any artifact must be defined as a parent/child of another, without any constraints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this feature, any artifact can be defined as a child of another, without any constraints. The childs added this way will be displayed everywhere (artifact view, planning view, taskboard, cardwall, etc).
```

Author: I've added this suggestion in a new commit, thanks :+1:

> The hierarchy is now only an helper. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The hierarchy is now only an helper for the Agile Dashboard configuration (what kind of artifacts can be created where, etc).
```

Author: This not only an helper for AD, but also for tracker triggers (I've listed where this helper is used).

Reviewer: yup, I forgot, I let you add it
